##

<h3><p align="center">Disclaimer</p></h3>

<i>Any actions and or activities related to crap-crypt are solely your responsibility. The misuse of this toolkit can result in criminal charges brought against the persons in question. The contributors will not be held responsible in the event any criminal charges be brought against any individuals misusing this toolkit to break the law.

This toolkit contains materials that can be potentially damaging or dangerous for social media. Refer to the laws in your province/country before accessing, using, or in any other way utilizing this in the wrong way.

This Tool is made for educational purposes only. Do not attempt to violate the law with anything contained here. If this is your intention, then Get the hell out of here!

It only demonstrates "how phishing works". You shall not misuse the information to gain unauthorized access to someone's social media. However, you may try out this at your own risk.</i>

## 

## TO-DO LIST

- [ ] The code block that will be used to upload the generated decryption key to the attacker server will be added.
- [ ] An interface system will be created where the attacker can see the victims
- [ ] A code block will be added to detect the directory of the user with whom it is working and encrypt the files in the directory.

##
## HOW IT'S WORK?

`./creeper.py` When it is executed, it encrypts all the files in the directory where it's executed and creates a decryptor key to the same directory. `./decrypt.py` When it is operated `./creeper.py` decrypts encrypted files with the decryption key generated by.

##
